In the Victorian era, a woman's hair was often thought to be one of her most valuable assets. Styles varied quite a bit throughout the nearly 7 decades of Queen Victoria's reign, with everything from simple middle parts to elaborate pieces made from human hair being in fashion. Accessories such as combs, pearls, hats and bonnets each had their time in the spotlight throughout the 1800s. Victorians weren't as serious as people think they were, but they sure took their hair seriously.  Hair was long in the Victorian age. Extremely long. Haircuts weren't exactly a thing yet for women.They did occasionally trim split ends or even singe them, but long hair was viewed as being ultra-feminine and desirable. When it comes to long hair, nobody could top the Seven Sutherland Sisters. They became a national sensation in the 1880s because of their hair (37 feet in total) and made a living doing musical performances with their hair down. They capitalized on it even further by producing a line of hair care products and became quite rich. When the 1920s and the bob rolled around, they began to be ridiculed as unfashionable relics of the past and lost the public's eye.In the Victorian era, a woman’s hair was often thought to be one of her most valuable assets. Styles varied quite a bit throughout the nearly 7 decades of Queen Victoria's reign, with everything from simple middle parts to elaborate pieces made from human hair being in fashion. Accessories such as combs, pearls, hats and bonnets each had their time in the spotlight throughout the 1800s. Victorians weren't as serious as people think they were, but they sure took their hair seriously.  Hair was long in the Victorian age. Extremely long. Haircuts weren't exactly a thing yet for women.They did occasionally trim split ends or even singe them, but long hair was viewed as being ultra-feminine and desirable. When it comes to long hair, nobody could top the Seven Sutherland Sisters. They became a national sensation in the 1880s because of their hair (37 feet in total) and made a living doing musical performances with their hair down. They capitalized on it even further by producing a line of hair care products and became quite rich. When the 1920s and the bob rolled around, they began to be ridiculed as unfashionable relics of the past and lost the public's eye.In the Victorian era, a woman’s hair was often thought to be one of her most valuable assets. Styles varied quite a bit throughout the nearly 7 decades of Queen Victoria's reign, with everything from simple middle parts to elaborate pieces made from human hair being in fashion. Accessories such as combs, pearls, hats and bonnets each had their time in the spotlight throughout the 1800s. Victorians weren't as serious as people think they were, but they sure took their hair seriously.  Hair was long in the Victorian age. Extremely long. Haircuts weren't exactly a thing yet for women.They did occasionally trim split ends or even singe them, but long hair was viewed as being ultra-feminine and desirable. When it comes to long hair, nobody could top the Seven Sutherland Sisters. They became a national sensation in the 1880s because of their hair (37 feet in total) and made a living doing musical performances with their hair down. They capitalized on it even further by producing a line of hair care products and became quite rich. When the 1920s and the bob rolled around, they began to be ridiculed as unfashionable relics of the past and lost the public's eye.In the Victorian era, a woman’s hair was often thought to be one of her most valuable assets. Styles varied quite a bit throughout the nearly 7 decades of Queen Victoria's reign, with everything from simple middle parts to elaborate pieces made from human hair being in fashion. Accessories such as combs, pearls, hats and bonnets each had their time in the spotlight throughout the 1800s. Victorians weren't as serious as people think they were, but they sure took their hair seriously.  Hair was long in the Victorian age. Extremely long. Haircuts weren't exactly a thing yet for women.They did occasionally trim split ends or even singe them, but long hair was viewed as being ultra-feminine and desirable. When it comes to long hair, nobody could top the Seven Sutherland Sisters. They became a national sensation in the 1880s because of their hair (37 feet in total) and made a living doing musical performances with their hair down. They capitalized on it even further by producing a line of hair care products and became quite rich. When the 1920s and the bob rolled around, they began to be ridiculed as unfashionable relics of the past and lost the public's eye.